docs: add readmes and docs (#5)
VeryGoodOpenSource/very_good_wear_app: src/my_app/README.md

[![style: very good analysis][very_good_analysis_badge]][very_good_analysis_link]
[![License: MIT][license_badge]][license_link]

Generated by the [Very Good CLI][very_good_cli_link] 🤖

> A new Flutter WearOS project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new Flutter Wear OS project.
```

---

## Getting Started 🚀

This project contains 3 flavors:

- development
- staging
- production

To run the desired flavor either use the launch configuration in VSCode/Android Studio or use the following commands:

```sh
# Development
$ flutter run --flavor development --target lib/main_development.dart

# Staging
$ flutter run --flavor staging --target lib/main_staging.dart

# Production
$ flutter run --flavor production --target lib/main_production.dart
```

> _\*This template includes only the Android runner, as it is meant to run on WearOS devices only._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_\*This template includes only the Android runner, as it is meant to run on Wear OS devices only._
```
